[AppConfig] Update mocking guidance instructions (#38118)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/README.md

* [Get a setting if changed](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample5_GetSettingIfChanged.md): Save bandwidth by using a conditional request to retrieve a setting only if it is different from your local copy.
* [Update a setting if it hasn't changed](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample6_UpdateSettingIfUnchanged.md): Prevent lost updates by using optimistic concurrency to update a setting only if your local updates were applied to the same version as the resource in the configuration store.
* [Configuration settings snapshot](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample11_SettingsSnapshot.md): Create, retrieve and update status of a configuration settings snapshot.

> * [Create a mock client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample7_MockClient.md): Mock a client for testing.

Reviewer: Let's link directly to the new doc, instead of requiring an extra click.
```suggestion
* [Create a mock client](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/azure/sdk/unit-testing-mocking): Mock a client for testing.
```

> * [Create a mock client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample7_MockClient.md): Mock a client for testing.

Reviewer 2: Should we jump directly to the MS learn article here?
